Alexander Yell's Open Software License

Copyright (c) 2025, Alexander Yell



1. Definitions

"Software" shall mean computer programs, libraries, scripts, source code, binary files, documentation, media files and all other associated resources being an integral part of one whole licensed under this license. This includes all updates and modifications done to the whole.

"Copy" shall mean a bundle of all the software's files including, but not limited to: source code, binary executables, assets, such as media files, being part of the software and its documentation, or any part of the bundle.

"Source form" shall mean the preferred form for introducing modifications. This includes, but is not limited to, source code, documentation and configuration files.

"Source" shall mean origin of the copy.

"Master work" shall mean a version of software on which a derivative work is based.

"Derivative work" shall mean a modified copy of the software.

"Person" shall mean a physical person or any other entity that is subject to the law.

"Licensee" shall mean an owner of a copy of the software.

"Eligible" shall mean meeting the requirements.
"Ineligible" shall mean not meeting the requirements.

"Contribution" - shall mean a change, such as, but not limited to, improvement, fix, modification or work submitted to the source of contributor's copy of the software. Reporting issues or suggesting improvements to the source is also considered a contribution.

"Contributor" shall mean a person who has made or is actively making a contribution to the software.

"Author" shall mean a person who created a derivative work or the original version of the software.


2. Grant of the license

This license is a mutual agreement between the author(s) of the software, the distributor(s) of the software and any person obtaining a copy on how the software is dealt in. All sides are bound to comply with terms stated in this document.

Each person who meets the statements specified in section 3. point A) of this license is eligible to obtain a copy of this software free of charge. Person loses eligibility the moment they no longer meet the requirements.

Each licensee is subject to this license and is bound to comply with it. Each licensee can deal in the software within permissions specified in section 4. of this license and cannot break the statements of section 5. or any other section of this license.


3. Requirements

A) Eligibility to obtain a copy of the software
To be eligible to deal in the software, a person must not be a political or a military entity. To be eligible, a person must not be voluntarily involved in military service or actively participate in political activity.

B) Distribution of software and derivative works
Each eligible licensee who wishes to distribute modified or unmodified copies of the software is bound to meet the following:
- make the source form of the distributed version of the software publicly available;
- make sure this license is included in every copy;
- list changes made to the source;
- attach the list of changes to the source form of the work;
- include appropriate documentation that accurately describes the software, its proper usage, and expected behavior, or include clear information on how to access such documentation in each distributed copy.
If there is a warranty, it shall be specified in a separate document. The document shall be included in every distributed copy of the derivative work along with this license.

C) Commercial use
Each eligible licensee, who wishes to use the software for commercial purposes in any way, is bound to meet the following:
- make the source form of used version(s) of the software publicly available;
- include this license in every copy of the software.


4. Permissions

Each eligible licensee is allowed to:
- use the software for personal purposes;
- use the software for commercial purposes in compliance with section 3. point C) of this license;
- modify the software;
- contribute to the software;
- redistribute unmodified copies of the software in compliance with section 3. point B) of this license;
- distribute copies of a derivative work in compliance with section 3. point B) of this license.

Author of a derivative work can provide their own warranty for their version of the software. The warranty has to comply with section 3. point B) of this license.

Additionally, an author of a derivative work is permitted to add their name to the license of their work.


5. Limitations

In no event the software can be used to cause damage or to break any laws.
In no event the software can be used for political, military or surveillance purposes and it cannot be used or obtained by a political or military entity.

The license of the software cannot be changed or swapped for a different license and it cannot be removed from the software. Once the software is licensed under this license, it cannot be licensed under any other license. This license cannot be modified beyond what is specified in section 4. of this license.

Distribution of copies of the software without the license is not permitted. Any copy of the software that does not include this license must be destroyed immediately.


6. Termination

A licensee must cease immediately any and all use of the software and destroy all of the software's copies they own upon losing eligibility.

An ineligible person who has obtained a copy of the software is bound to destroy the copy and must not use or redistribute it.

A licensee, who distributes copies of the software and fails to meet section 3. point B) of this license, must immediately cease the distribution of the software.

A licensee, who uses the software for commercial purposes and fails to meet section 3. point C) of this license, must cease all use of the software and, if applicable by law, make the source publicly available.


7. Warranty & Liability

Unless agreed in writing, authors and the contributors provide the software "as is", without any sort of warranty. In no event, other than the statements of the applicable warranty, shall the authors and the contributors be liable for any claim, damages or other liability arising from dealing in the software. Unless stated otherwise in terms of the applicable warranty, the user assumes all risks associated with the use of the software. Authors and contributors shall provide documentation that accurately describes the software, its proper usage and expected behavior.

Warranty applies only to the version of the software it came with. Authors and contributors of the master work are not liable for any statements of the warranty in a derivative work. Also authors and contributors of a derivative work are not to be liable for any statements in warranty of master work.

Any dispute or claim regarding the software shall be resolved directly between the parties in accordance to the applicable law or through the court of law which those parties fall under. Reason for dispute or claim as well as its resolution shall be submitted in writing directly to the opposing party.
